README.md, before:

r-bootcamp
==========

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/8706/laderast/r-bootcamp.svg)](http://dx.doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.13756)

Draft Tutorial for self directed bootcamp for learning R-programming basics.

Written by Ted Laderas with contributions from: Eric Leung, Aurora Blucher, Tracy Edinger, Dian Chase, Gabrielle Choonoo, Clint Olson

Each folder contains a different module.  Each folder contains a file, ex. "module1.R" 
that is meant to be loaded as a script into an IDE such as RStudio.  By working through
the script, basic concepts of R and its data structures are taught.

## Bootcamp Overview

The content of each module is as follows:

1. Getting Help, Loading, Saving, Data QC, Scripting
2. Vectors, Data Frames, Subsetting, Filtering and Ordering
3. Matrices, Iterating, Applying, Deciding and Lists
4. Merging, Visualizing, Functions and Scope
5. Databases, Packages, and Beyond.

## Module Overview

Each folder contains the following files:

1.  moduleX.R - The script
2.  moduleX.RData - workspace consisting of data to manipulate
3.  moduleX-test-your-knowledge.R - Multiple Choice Quiz to test your knowledge
4.  moduleX-final-problem.R - Final assignment

Commit message:

Added better version of welcome and updated Readme.md

README.md, after:

r-bootcamp
==========

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/8706/laderast/r-bootcamp.svg)](http://dx.doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.13756)

Draft Tutorial for self directed bootcamp for learning R-programming basics. To get started, clone or download this repo, and follow the directions in `welcome.pdf`

Written by Ted Laderas with contributions from: Eric Leung, Aurora Blucher, Tracy Edinger, Dian Chase, Gabrielle Choonoo, Clint Olson

Each folder contains a different module.  Each folder contains a file, ex. "module1.R" 
that is meant to be loaded as a script into an IDE such as RStudio.  By working through
the script, basic concepts of R and its data structures are taught.

## Bootcamp Overview

The content of each module is as follows:

1. Getting Help, Loading, Saving, Data QC, Scripting
2. Vectors, Data Frames, Subsetting, Filtering and Ordering
3. Matrices, Iterating, Applying, Deciding and Lists
4. Merging, Visualizing, Functions and Scope
5. Databases, Packages, and Beyond.

## Module Overview

Each folder contains the following files:

1.  moduleX.R - The script
2.  moduleX.RData - workspace consisting of data to manipulate
3.  moduleX-test-your-knowledge.R - Multiple Choice Quiz to test your knowledge
4.  moduleX-final-problem.R - Final assignment
